{'Character Name': 'Quik-Slik Khaos', 'Attack Name': 'Flaming CyberStorm', 'Defense Name': 'Viral Shield Syndicate.', 'Defense Stat': 37, 'Attack Stat Options': [69, 60], 'Character Description': 'Quik-Slik Khaos is a member of the Viral Shield Syndicate, a cyberpunk-themed squad of vigilante hackers. He is a master of tech warfare, using his expertise to protect others from the malicious threats that plague the digital world. He is a tall, lanky man with pale skin and jet black hair, often wearing a cybernetic headset to access tech at a moment’s notice.\n\nEquipped with a Flaming CyberStorm, Quik'}
{'Character Name': 'Xeno Bladebreaker', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Blade Surge', 'Defense Name': 'ShieldBladez', 'Defense Stat': 44, 'Attack Stat Options': [77, 47], 'Character Description': 'Xeno Bladebreaker is a street-smart cyborg warrior from the cyberpunk metropolis. He is a formidable fighter, with a ShieldBladez defense stat of 44 and an attack name of Neuro-Blade Surge with stats of 77 or 47. He is a master of cyber-combat and is renowned for his swift and deadly blade techniques. His cybernetic enhancements make him almost impervious to attacks that would normally take out a normal human. He has a habit of talking trash and being'}
{'Character Name': 'Neon Moxxi', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Viral Surge', 'Defense Name': 'Neo-Shield Matrix', 'Defense Stat': 99, 'Attack Stat Options': [94, 66], 'Character Description': 'Neon Moxxi is a cyberpunk hacker with a flair for the dramatic. She has a neon-blue-tinged cybernetic body with a Neo-Shield Matrix defense stat of 99 and a mysterious past. Neon Moxxi is always looking for the next score and is willing to take risks to get it. Her primary attack names are Neuro-Viral Surge with stats of 94 and 66. She has a penchant for using her hacking skills to get the upper hand in negotiations'}
{'Character Name': 'Neon Shinobi', 'Attack Name': 'Nano-Spike Strike', 'Defense Name': 'NeoVaiderShield', 'Defense Stat': 39, 'Attack Stat Options': [15, 14], 'Character Description': 'Neon Shinobi is a mysterious cyberpunk warrior who lives in the shadows of the cyberworld. He is a master of the art of cyber ninja-ism, and his weapon of choice is the NeoVaiderShield. This cyber shield is made from a highly advanced alloy and is able to absorb and redirect incoming attacks, making it virtually indestructible. Neon Shinobi also has the ability to generate a Nano-Spike Strike, which is a 15 or 14 attack that can'}
{'Character Name': 'Neo Shadowblade', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Plasma Disruption', 'Defense Name': 'Sprocket Fortress', 'Defense Stat': 15, 'Attack Stat Options': [78, 26], 'Character Description': "Neo Shadowblade is a cyberpunk-themed character from the game Sprocket Fortress. He is a master of cyber warfare, and his defense stat is a whopping 15. He is known for his incredible attack names: Neuro-Plasma Disruption. This attack has two stats: 78 and 26. When Neo Shadowblade uses this attack, it unleashes a powerful wave of energy that can disrupt the enemy's systems and render them powerless. He also has a wide range of other cyber"}
{'Character Name': 'Nova Chiba', 'Attack Name': 'Spark Firestorm', 'Defense Name': 'Neuro-Shield Sentinel.', 'Defense Stat': 45, 'Attack Stat Options': [96, 12], 'Character Description': 'Nova Chiba is a formidable cyborg in the Cyberpunk world. She is equipped with Neuro-Shield Sentinel, a high-tech defense system that gives her an impressive defense stat of 45. To complement her defense, Nova also has two powerful attack names, Spark Firestorm, which has a stat of 96, and 12. Spark Firestorm is a powerful attack that can hit multiple opponents at once. With her powerful defense and attack, Nova is a true force to be reckoned with'}
{'Character Name': 'Neo Steelrunner', 'Attack Name': 'Neon Discharge.', 'Defense Name': 'Neuromantic Shield.', 'Defense Stat': 1, 'Attack Stat Options': [91, 55], 'Character Description': "Neo Steelrunner, the fearless Cyberpunk warrior, is a force to be reckoned with. Equipped with the Neuromantic Shield, a high-tech weapon that is capable of unleashing a powerful defensive and offensive capabilities, Neo is nearly unstoppable. With a defense stat of 1, the Neuromantic Shield is capable of deflecting most attacks. However, it's true power lies in its offensive capabilities, in the form of the Neon Discharge weapon. This powerful weapon"}
{'Character Name': 'NeonBlade SkyFury', 'Attack Name': 'Cyber-Blitzkrieg', 'Defense Name': 'Neon Shield.', 'Defense Stat': 54, 'Attack Stat Options': [7, 32], 'Character Description': 'NeonBlade SkyFury is a cyborg warrior from the cyberpunk future. He is a master of both combat and technology. His body is augmented with cybernetics and he wields a mighty weapon called the Neon Blade. He also wears a powerful energy shield called the Neon Shield, which provides him with 54 points of defense.\n\nHis main attack is called Cyber-Blitzkrieg and it unleashes a powerful wave of cybernetic energy that can deal either 7 or'}
{'Character Name': 'Kai Cyberblade', 'Attack Name': 'Shockwave Blaster', 'Defense Name': 'Neuronic Shield', 'Defense Stat': 32, 'Attack Stat Options': [80, 92], 'Character Description': 'Kai Cyberblade is an imposing figure, clad in heavy cyberpunk armor with a sleek, futuristic design. He is a master of the digital battlefield, wielding a Shockwave Blaster with stats of either 80 or 92, depending on the situation. His Neuronic Shield defense stat of 32 gives him superior protection against cyber-attacks, and he is able to quickly adapt to any combat scenario, making him a formidable opponent. He is a born leader, and his comrades rely on him to'}
{'Character Name': 'Cypher-Roxx', 'Attack Name': 'Data Shockwave', 'Defense Name': 'Neon Shield', 'Defense Stat': 73, 'Attack Stat Options': [90, 81], 'Character Description': 'Cypher-Roxx is a mysterious character in the Cyberpunk world, a powerful hacker and master of data manipulation. She is a master of her craft, manipulating data to her own ends and using her special abilities to gain an edge in combat. \n\nCypher-Roxx has an impressive Neon Shield defense stat of 73, allowing her to protect herself from even the most powerful attacks. She also has two powerful attack names, Data Shockwave and Data Burst'}
{'Character Name': 'Neon-Tekka', 'Attack Name': 'Shockwave Vapouriser', 'Defense Name': 'Matter Shieldz', 'Defense Stat': 31, 'Attack Stat Options': [84, 90], 'Character Description': 'Neon-Tekka is a robot-human hybrid from the Cyberpunk universe. He uses Matter Shieldz defense technology to protect himself from harm, giving him a Defense stat of 31. His main attack is the Shockwave Vapouriser, which can have stats of either 84 or 90 depending on the situation. He has a sleek robotic body with neon lights all along his frame, giving him a unique and mesmerizing look. His weaponry consists of powerful laser guns and rocket launchers'}
{'Character Name': 'Razer Nova', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Virus Cascade', 'Defense Name': 'Neo-Phalanx', 'Defense Stat': 81, 'Attack Stat Options': [42, 97], 'Character Description': "Razer Nova is a cyberpunk character with a Neo-Phalanx defense stat of 81. He is a master of technology and cyber warfare. His skills include hacking, programming, and data manipulation. He is a ruthless and calculating individual with a strong sense of justice and morality.\n\nRazer's signature attack is the Neuro-Virus Cascade. This attack unleashes a devastating cascade of viruses to disrupt and cripple his opponents' cyber-networks. This attack can have"}
{'Character Name': 'Neo-Kazuki Eclipse', 'Attack Name': 'Nano-Static Disruption', 'Defense Name': 'Nano-Shield Barrier', 'Defense Stat': 92, 'Attack Stat Options': [23, 69], 'Character Description': 'Neo-Kazuki Eclipse is a cyberpunk anti-hero with an edge. She is a cyborg who has been heavily modified with advanced nanite technology to enhance her physical attributes and abilities. She wears a sleek black armor that is lined with nano-shields to protect her from harm. Her Nano-Shield Barrier defense stat is a staggering 92, allowing her to withstand even the most powerful of attacks.\n\nNeo-Kazuki has a few signature attacks that'}
{'Character Name': 'Kaxxx Cyberburn', 'Attack Name': 'Nano-Spike Surge', 'Defense Name': 'CyberShield', 'Defense Stat': 16, 'Attack Stat Options': [2, 46], 'Character Description': 'Kaxxx Cyberburn is a hacker in the Cyberpunk theme. He is a master of the digital world, using his skills to survive in a chaotic and dangerous world. He is an experienced fighter, and his defense stat of 16 means he can take a lot of damage before succumbing. He is also a master of the cyber world, and his attack names Nano-Spike Surge show his skill with technology and his ability to quickly craft powerful attacks. His attacks have stats of either'}
{'Character Name': 'Neon Phoenix.', 'Attack Name': 'Neon Discharge Laser Blast', 'Defense Name': 'Neo-Retro Cyber-Shield', 'Defense Stat': 69, 'Attack Stat Options': [71, 8], 'Character Description': 'Neon Phoenix is an urban cyber-warrior from the not-so-distant future, a symbol of hope and justice in a world of chaos and despair. She is a master of cyber-combat, a master of the neon-lit streets, and a master of her own destiny. Her cyber-shield defense is a Neo-Retro Cyber-Shield with an impressive 69 stat.\n\nHer main weapon is a Neon Discharge Laser Blast with a formidable 71 stat.'}
{'Character Name': 'Neon Nighthawk.', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Shockwave', 'Defense Name': 'Neon Fortress.', 'Defense Stat': 32, 'Attack Stat Options': [74, 54], 'Character Description': 'Neon Nighthawk is a cyberpunk vigilante from the streets of the cyberpunk world. A master hacker, Neon Nighthawk uses Neuro-Shockwave attacks to bring justice to the oppressed. With a penchant for neon light and cybernetic enhancements, Neon Nighthawk is an enigmatic figure who lurks in the shadows of the cyberpunk cityscape.\n\nNeon Nighthawk is equipped with the powerful Neon Fortress defense system that is capable of absorbing up to 32 points of'}
{'Character Name': 'Shadow Slicer', 'Attack Name': 'Shadow Reaver', 'Defense Name': 'Neo-Shield Barrier', 'Defense Stat': 86, 'Attack Stat Options': [79, 16], 'Character Description': 'Shadow Slicer is a cyberpunk hacker and mercenary from the dark, underground world of the Net. He is a loner who prefers to work alone and is fiercely loyal to his clients. He is a master of deception and infiltration, a master of the dark arts of the net, and a master of his own weapons of choice.\n\nShadow Slicer has a Neo-Shield Barrier defense stat of 86, which uses an advanced form of cybernetic body armor to protect him'}
{'Character Name': 'Neon Noxx', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Disruptor Blast.', 'Defense Name': 'Neuro-Shield Matrix', 'Defense Stat': 80, 'Attack Stat Options': [3, 97], 'Character Description': 'Neon Noxx is a cybernetic being from a future world, and a powerful presence in the cyberpunk universe. He stands out with his gleaming neon-colored body armor, and a helmet that obscures his face, giving him a mysterious aura. His body is outfitted with a Neuro-Shield Matrix defense stat of 80, making him nearly impervious to damage.\n\nNeon Noxx is a formidable combatant, wielding an array of cybernetic weapons.'}
{'Character Name': 'Blade Swiftburner', 'Attack Name': 'Nano-Blitz', 'Defense Name': 'Neo-Retro Shielding', 'Defense Stat': 73, 'Attack Stat Options': [77, 5], 'Character Description': 'Blade Swiftburner is a cyberpunk vigilante who is known for her daring and rebellious attitude. She specializes in taking on high risk missions against powerful corporations and criminal organizations. Her defensive Neo-Retro Shielding has a stat of 73, but her offensive skills are even more impressive. Her main attack is called the Nano-Blitz, a powerful energy blast that has a stat of 77. She also has a secondary attack called the 5, a powerful long-range blast of energy that'}
{'Character Name': 'SkyNetrix T-3000', 'Attack Name': 'Static Shatter Strike', 'Defense Name': 'ShieldTek 42.', 'Defense Stat': 53, 'Attack Stat Options': [13, 36], 'Character Description': "SkyNetrix T-3000 is a highly advanced cyborg with ShieldTek 42 defense technology, allowing it to withstand massive amounts of damage. With a defense stat of 53, SkyNetrix is almost indestructible. It's offensive capabilities come in the form of a powerful Static Shatter Strike, an attack containing both electric and sonic properties. The Strike can be used with a power level of 13 or 36, depending on the situation. SkyNetrix also boasts a variety of"}
{'Character Name': 'Omni-Tekka Glitchblade', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Virus Disruption', 'Defense Name': 'Virtu-Shields', 'Defense Stat': 51, 'Attack Stat Options': [18, 91], 'Character Description': 'Omni-Tekka Glitchblade is a cyberpunk warrior who is a master of computer technology and a formidable fighter. She is a fierce warrior who is always ready to fight and defend those who need it. She wears a powerful Virtu-Shield that gives her a defense stat of 51, and her main attack is a Neuro-Virus Disruption that can have stats of either 18 or 91, depending on the situation. Her enemies often underestimate her due to her small'}
{'Character Name': 'Neo-Tek Rogue', 'Attack Name': 'Phantom Cyber Ghost Strike', 'Defense Name': 'Neon Shielding Corporation.', 'Defense Stat': 63, 'Attack Stat Options': [57, 63], 'Character Description': 'Neo-Tek Rogue is a cyberpunk mercenary-for-hire with a penchant for neon shielding technology. Outfitted with special cybernetic implants, they can call upon the mighty power of the Neon Shielding Corporation to protect them in battle. Neo-Tek Rogue has a defense stat of 63, and an impressive array of attack names, such as the Phantom Cyber Ghost Strike (57 or 63 stats). They are a master of modern combat and cyber warfare, a no-n'}
{'Character Name': 'Vyronica Nighthawk', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Laser Shredder', 'Defense Name': 'Spectral-Shield Technologies', 'Defense Stat': 62, 'Attack Stat Options': [66, 59], 'Character Description': 'Vyronica Nighthawk is a powerful cyberpunk warrior who leads a team of tech-savvy mercenaries. She is known for her mastery of high-tech weaponry and her skill in cyber-combat. She is a master of the Neuro-Laser Shredder, a powerful weapon with a high attack stat of 66 or 59 depending on the version.\n\nVyronica wears a sleek black armor with a bright blue visor that conceals her identity. Her'}
{'Character Name': 'Gizmo Bladegrinder', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Virus Spasm.', 'Defense Name': 'CyberShield Armor Systems.', 'Defense Stat': 84, 'Attack Stat Options': [99, 49], 'Character Description': 'Gizmo Bladegrinder is a hardened Cyberpunk warrior who is protected by the latest CyberShield Armor Systems. Gizmo is a tall and muscular figure who is always ready for battle. He wears a black and chrome armored suit that covers most of his body and a helmet with a visor that can be used to display a variety of information. His CyberShield Armor Systems grant Gizmo a defense stat of 84 and an attack name of Neuro-Virus Spasm. He'}
{'Character Name': 'Silvershade Sparkscourge', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Blaster Shockwave', 'Defense Name': 'Neuro-Shield Matrix.', 'Defense Stat': 79, 'Attack Stat Options': [79, 17], 'Character Description': "Silvershade Sparkscourge is a cyborg mercenary with a penchant for taking on the most dangerous missions. Outfitted with a Neuro-Shield Matrix, a state-of-the-art cybernetic defense system, Silvershade is able to take on even the most powerful opponents. His primary defense stat is 79, giving him an extra layer of protection from enemy attacks.\n\nSilvershade's primary attack is the Neuro-Blaster Shockwave, a powerful"}
{'Character Name': 'Neon Nova', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Shockwave Annihilation', 'Defense Name': 'Shielded Flux-Core.', 'Defense Stat': 75, 'Attack Stat Options': [25, 45], 'Character Description': 'Neon Nova is a cool, confident, and powerful Cyberpunk warrior. Wearing a metallic armor with a Shielded Flux-Core, she is capable of taking on any foe. Her defense stat of 75 is almost unrivalled, and her attack, Neuro-Shockwave Annihilation, is capable of either 25 or 45 points of damage, depending on the situation. Neon Nova is a master of the cyber-arts, and her opponents are always left in awe of her skill'}
{'Character Name': 'Neon Nulight.', 'Attack Name': 'Cyberpulse Discharge', 'Defense Name': 'Ion Shield Matrix.', 'Defense Stat': 3, 'Attack Stat Options': [24, 6], 'Character Description': "Neon Nulight is a street-savvy, tech-savvy cyberpunk powerhouse. His unique look sets him apart from the crowd, with a mix of cybernetic enhancements that give him a distinct edge. He's got a sleek black and neon blue look, with neon green highlights blazing from his cybernetic limbs. He's always prepared for battle, with an Ion Shield Matrix ready to protect him from any oncoming threats. His defense stats are off the charts with a 3"}
{'Character Name': 'NoiseDrone Phoenix', 'Attack Name': 'Blast-Shatter-Cloak', 'Defense Name': 'Neuro-Shielder.', 'Defense Stat': 27, 'Attack Stat Options': [78, 42], 'Character Description': 'NoiseDrone Phoenix is a cyborg warrior in the Cyberpunk theme with a Neuro-Shielder defense stat of 27. She is an expert in the art of warfare and has a few weapons in her arsenal. Her primary weapon is the Blast-Shatter-Cloak, a powerful blaster with a stat of 78. She also has a second weapon, the Cloak-Shatter-Cloak, which has a stat of 42. NoiseDrone Phoenix is an unstoppable force when'}
{'Character Name': 'Morph-Xeno-Lux', 'Attack Name': 'Scorched-Earth Surge.', 'Defense Name': 'Neon Shield Matrix.', 'Defense Stat': 42, 'Attack Stat Options': [99, 63], 'Character Description': 'Morph-Xeno-Lux is a cybernetic being from the future. Created by a brilliant scientist, they were designed to be a powerful warrior, capable of taking on any challenge the world could throw at them. They have a neon shield matrix, which gives them powerful defensive capabilities. Their defense stat is 42, and their attack names are Scorched-Earth Surge, with stats of 99 or 63. They are a powerful force in the cyberpunk world, and their enemies know'}
{'Character Name': 'Xionica Neo-Synth', 'Attack Name': 'Shockwave Blaster', 'Defense Name': 'Neon Fortress', 'Defense Stat': 54, 'Attack Stat Options': [23, 39], 'Character Description': 'Xionica Neo-Synth is an android created for the express purpose of defending the Neon Fortress. She was built with a tough metal frame and an array of powerful weapons and gadgets. Her primary defense stat is a whopping 54, making her a formidable opponent in any battle. Her attack names are Shockwave Blaster and it has two stats: 23 and 39. Shockwave Blaster utilizes a combination of a powerful electric charge and high-powered blasts of sonic energy. Xionica is programmed'}
{'Character Name': 'Kai Bladeburner', 'Attack Name': 'Neon Cyber-Siege', 'Defense Name': 'Neo-Shield', 'Defense Stat': 99, 'Attack Stat Options': [50, 74], 'Character Description': 'Kai Bladeburner is a mysterious cyberpunk fighter who prefers the shadows. He wears a custom-crafted armor and helmet made of the latest alloy, giving him a Neo-Shield defense stat of 99. He is equipped with a high-tech weapon called the Neon Cyber-Siege, which can fire two types of energy blasts - one with a stats of 50 and the other with a stats of 74. He is a master of close quarters combat and is an expert at hacking and'}
{'Character Name': 'Synth Maverick', 'Attack Name': 'Shockwave Smasher', 'Defense Name': 'Protectorate of the Cybernetic Dawn.', 'Defense Stat': 40, 'Attack Stat Options': [50, 17], 'Character Description': "Synth Maverick is a member of the Protectorate of the Cybernetic Dawn, an elite group of cybernetically enhanced warriors in a cyberpunk universe. He is a tall, imposing figure, with a robotic arm and leg, intense blue eyes, and a shaved head. His cybernetic enhancements give him incredible strength and agility, as well as a variety of other abilities.\n\nSynth Maverick's primary attack is called Shockwave Smasher. It is a powerful energy blast"}
{'Character Name': 'LazerGlow Cyberstorm', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Zapper Blast.', 'Defense Name': 'CyberShield Security Solutions.', 'Defense Stat': 8, 'Attack Stat Options': [36, 81], 'Character Description': 'LazerGlow Cyberstorm is a Cyberpunk hero who specializes in CyberShield Security Solutions. He is a master hacker and security expert with a penchant for high-tech gadgets. His main weapon is the Neuro-Zapper Blast, a powerful laser-like weapon capable of discharging a high-voltage stream of energy. He is also equipped with a CyberShield, an advanced form of cyber security that provides him with extra protection against malicious attacks. His defense stat is 8 and his'}
{'Character Name': 'Neon Nova', 'Attack Name': 'BlazeStriker Virus', 'Defense Name': 'CyberShield Sentinel.', 'Defense Stat': 34, 'Attack Stat Options': [65, 39], 'Character Description': 'Neon Nova is a sleek and stylish Cyberpunk cyborg from the future. She is equipped with the CyberShield Sentinel, the latest in cybernetic armor technology. Her defense stat is a powerful 34, and her offensive capabilities are just as impressive, with the BlazeStriker Virus and its stats of 65 or 39. She is a master of both physical and digital combat, able to take on almost any opponent with her combination of strength and agility. Her bright neon blue hair and armor'}
{'Character Name': 'Neon Nighthawk', 'Attack Name': 'Shockwave Blaster', 'Defense Name': 'Neo-Tech Shield', 'Defense Stat': 13, 'Attack Stat Options': [88, 7], 'Character Description': 'Neon Nighthawk is a mysterious cyborg warrior from the dark future of the Cyberpunk universe. He wears a sleek black suit of advanced armor and wields a powerful Shockwave Blaster. His Neo-Tech Shield defense stat is 13, making him an ally to be reckoned with in the fight against the forces of evil. His Shockwave Blaster attack has a stats of 88 or 7, depending on the situation. Neon Nighthawk is a master tactician and a formidable warrior,'}
{'Character Name': 'Nightshade Shadowstorm', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Cortex Blaster', 'Defense Name': 'Neo-Shield Matrix.', 'Defense Stat': 34, 'Attack Stat Options': [7, 61], 'Character Description': "Nightshade Shadowstorm is a legendary cyborg mercenary, a mechanical warrior clad in a sleek black suit of armor. Their Neo-Shield Matrix is a powerful defensive system designed to protect the user from most forms of physical and energy-based attacks. The Matrix provides a defense stat of 34, allowing Nightshade to withstand powerful attacks.\n\nNightshade's primary weapon is a Neuro-Cortex Blaster, a powerful energy weapon capable of either a single shot with a stat of"}
{'Character Name': 'Lilith-Blade-Synthwave', 'Attack Name': 'Mindjack Raid.', 'Defense Name': 'Neuro-Shielder', 'Defense Stat': 71, 'Attack Stat Options': [12, 69], 'Character Description': 'Lilith-Blade-Synthwave is a Cyberpunk superhero with an impressive Neuro-Shielder defense stat of 71 and attack names Mindjack Raid. She is a powerful warrior equipped with a cybernetic body and a synthwave suit. Her Mindjack Raid attack has a deadly combination of 12 and 69 attack stats, making her a formidable opponent in the cyberpunk world. She is a master of technology and is able to manipulate the minds of her enemies with her Mindjack Raid.'}
{'Character Name': 'Electra Glitchblade', 'Attack Name': 'Virus Spike Frenzy.', 'Defense Name': 'Neuromancer Shielding', 'Defense Stat': 51, 'Attack Stat Options': [36, 63], 'Character Description': 'Electra Glitchblade is an infamous cyberpunk mercenary who specializes in hacking and infiltration. She is an unpredictable and enigmatic figure, often seen wearing a signature black leather jumpsuit and sporting a robotic cybernetic arm.\n\nHer Neuromancer Shielding defense stat is an impressive 51, and her attack names are as dangerous as her reputation. Virus Spike Frenzy is a powerful attack that unleashes a barrage of malicious viruses and digital spikes that can take out any target. With her attack'}
{'Character Name': 'Neon Blitzkrieg', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Shockwave-Blast.', 'Defense Name': 'Neo-Wave Shield.', 'Defense Stat': 12, 'Attack Stat Options': [76, 89], 'Character Description': 'Neon Blitzkrieg is a cyberpunk warrior with a Neo-Wave Shield that protects her from all sorts of cyber attacks. Her defense stat is 12, which makes her a formidable opponent. She is equipped with a Neuro-Shockwave-Blast, a weapon with stats of up to 76 or 89, depending on the situation. She is a master of cyber warfare and has a keen eye for strategy. Her shield and Neuro-Shockwave-Blast make her a formidable foe'}
{'Character Name': 'Luna-Trix Cyberstar', 'Attack Name': 'Shockpole Strike', 'Defense Name': 'CyberShield Sentinel', 'Defense Stat': 78, 'Attack Stat Options': [53, 91], 'Character Description': 'Luna-Trix Cyberstar is a cyberpunk heroine who is known for her incredible tech savvy and combat skills. She is a master of CyberShield Sentinel defense, her stat of 78 is almost unmatched. Her signature attack is the Shockpole Strike, which has two versions with stats of 53 and 91. She is an unstoppable force in the cyberpunk world, never backing down from a challenge. She wears a sleek black and silver armor which is equipped with the latest cybernetic technologies.'}
{'Character Name': 'Neon Blueblood', 'Attack Name': 'Plasma-Flux Blasterstrike.', 'Defense Name': 'Cyber-Guard Integrated Shielding.', 'Defense Stat': 36, 'Attack Stat Options': [97, 89], 'Character Description': 'Neon Blueblood is a powerful cyber-enhanced warrior who is outfitted with the latest in Cyber-Guard Integrated Shielding technology, giving them an impressive defense stat of 36. Neon is an impressive fighter, able to wield a Plasma-Flux Blasterstrike with lethal accuracy, boasting attack stats of 97 or 89 depending on the situation. Neon is a true force to be reckoned with in the cyberpunk world, relying on their advanced technology and skill to take down any opponent.'}
{'Character Name': 'Liv3w1r3 M3tal', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Blade Hack', 'Defense Name': 'Neo-Shield Cybernetic Barrier', 'Defense Stat': 24, 'Attack Stat Options': [43, 6], 'Character Description': 'Liv3w1r3 M3tal is an android street samurai from the Cyberpunk universe who is known for her quick reflexes and deadly skills in combat. She has a Neo-Shield Cybernetic Barrier defense stat of 24, making her highly resistant to most types of attacks. Her primary weapon of choice is the Neuro-Blade Hack, a deadly cybernetic blade with an attack stat of 43 or 6. Liv3w1r3 M3tal is a force to be'}
{'Character Name': 'Luna Darkshadow', 'Attack Name': 'Plasma Brainjack', 'Defense Name': 'Nano-Shield Defense System', 'Defense Stat': 50, 'Attack Stat Options': [23, 68], 'Character Description': 'Luna Darkshadow is a hardcore cyberpunk character who lives on the edge of the law. Wearing a slick black leather jacket and pants, a matching beanie, and a pair of stylish shades, Luna looks the part of a street-smart hustler. Her combat style is fast and deadly, and she is equipped with a Nano-Shield Defense System that gives her an extra layer of protection in tough situations. Her weapon of choice is the Plasma Brainjack, a powerful'}
{'Character Name': 'Neon Rigellia', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Disruptor Blast.', 'Defense Name': 'ShockShroud Defense System.', 'Defense Stat': 64, 'Attack Stat Options': [36, 71], 'Character Description': 'Neon Rigellia is a cybernetic warrior from the Cyberpunk world. She was created to be a living weapon, designed and equipped with the ShockShroud Defense System. This system allows her to generate a powerful energy shield to protect herself and her allies from the most powerful of enemy attacks. Her defense stat is 64, allowing her to withstand a barrage of attacks.\n\nIn addition to her defense system, Neon is equipped with the Neuro-Disruptor Blast, an energy'}
{'Character Name': 'Neon Nova', 'Attack Name': 'Shockwave Cascader', 'Defense Name': 'Spectro-Shield Defense System', 'Defense Stat': 35, 'Attack Stat Options': [90, 15], 'Character Description': 'Neon Nova is a fierce cyberpunk warrior with a penchant for taking on the toughest missions. She is an android enhanced with the Spectro-Shield Defense System, giving her an impressive defense stat of 35. Her primary attack is the Shockwave Cascader, a powerful energy wave that can level an entire city block. Its power can be adjusted, giving her the ability to choose between a devastating 90 or a more precise 15. Neon Nova is a force to be reckoned with, and'}
{'Character Name': 'Scythera Zonixx', 'Attack Name': '"Neon Overload"', 'Defense Name': 'Neon Sentinels.', 'Defense Stat': 52, 'Attack Stat Options': [33, 59], 'Character Description': 'Scythera Zonixx is a deadly force to be reckoned with. She is a member of the Neon Sentinels, a cyberpunk-inspired organization dedicated to fighting cyberspace crime and cybernetic threats. She is an expert in hacking and cyber warfare, and her combat skills are unmatched.\n\nScythera\'s defense stat is 52 and her attack names are "Neon Overload" and "Neon Surge". Her Neon Overload attack is a'}
{'Character Name': 'Tronox KillaCortex', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Shockwave Blast.', 'Defense Name': 'Neon Sentinel.', 'Defense Stat': 11, 'Attack Stat Options': [47, 87], 'Character Description': 'Tronox KillaCortex is a formidable cyborg in the Cyberpunk universe. He is a powerful and intimidating figure, standing over six feet tall and sporting a sleek, black body suit. His neon-blue eyes glimmer in the darkness, and his cybernetic limbs are equipped with a variety of weapons and tools. He is the leader of the Neon Sentinel group, a band of cyber mercenaries who take on dangerous missions to protect the city and its inhabitants.\n\nTron'}
{'Character Name': 'Luxury Cybernet', 'Attack Name': 'Blazing Chrome Spear.', 'Defense Name': 'Chrome Fortress.', 'Defense Stat': 46, 'Attack Stat Options': [19, 33], 'Character Description': 'Luxury Cybernet is a chrome-clad cyborg warrior, part machine, part human. Her towering frame is encased in a chrome fortress, with her defense stat set to 46. Her weapons of choice are her Blazing Chrome Spear, which has an attack stat of 19 or 33, depending on the situation. Despite her intimidating appearance, Luxury Cybernet has a gentle soul, and is always willing to lend a helping hand. She is a highly intelligent and tactically-minded'}
{'Character Name': 'Neo Phoenixfire', 'Attack Name': 'Blade Fission Strike', 'Defense Name': 'Neo-Shield Network', 'Defense Stat': 22, 'Attack Stat Options': [4, 21], 'Character Description': 'Neo Phoenixfire is a mysterious figure in the cyberpunk world. He was created by a powerful artificial intelligence to serve as a protector of the innocent. He is a powerful being with incredible technology at his disposal, including a highly advanced defense system known as the Neo-Shield Network. His defense stat is an impressive 22, making him nearly invulnerable to most forms of attack.\n\nNeo Phoenixfire is a master swordsman and can wield energy blades of incredible power. His signature'}
{'Character Name': 'Cypher Hawk', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Sonic Blaster', 'Defense Name': 'Neuromantic Shielding.', 'Defense Stat': 69, 'Attack Stat Options': [24, 100], 'Character Description': 'Cypher Hawk is an elite cyborg mercenary in the Cyberpunk universe. He is a master of cyber warfare, wielding a Neuromantic Shielding defense system that gives him a defense stat of 69, making him nearly unstoppable. His primary weapon is a Neuro-Sonic Blaster, which is capable of emitting powerful blasts of sonic energy with an attack stat of 24 or 100, depending on the setting. He is a formidable opponent on the battlefield, and his enemies know they must'}



python scripts/txt2img.py --prompt "{'Character Name': 'Cypher Hawk', 'Attack Name': 'Neuro-Sonic Blaster', 'Defense Name': 'Neuromantic Shielding.', 'Defense Stat': 69, 'Attack Stat Options': [24, 100], 'Character Description': 'Cypher Hawk is an elite cyborg mercenary in the Cyberpunk universe. He is a master of cyber warfare, wielding a Neuromantic Shielding defense system that gives him a defense stat of 69, making him nearly unstoppable. His primary weapon is a Neuro-Sonic Blaster, which is capable of emitting powerful blasts of sonic energy with an attack stat of 24 or 100, depending on the setting. He is a formidable opponent on the battlefield, and his enemies know they must'}" --plms --n_iter 5 --n_samples 1